gh-135836: Fix IndexError in asyncio.create_connection with empty exceptions list (#135845)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-06-23-11-04-25.gh-issue-135836.-C-c4v.rst

> Fixed :exc:`IndexError` in ``asyncio.create_connection()`` that could occur when the Happy Eyeballs algorithm resulted in an empty exceptions list during connection attempts.

Reviewer: Active voice and use a Sphinx ref:
```suggestion
Fix :exc:`IndexError` in :meth:`asyncio.loop.create_connection` that could occur when the Happy Eyeballs algorithm resulted in an empty exceptions list during connection attempts.
```
